love's not used to walk elite he'd walk
and eat walk and he stolen he'd stop
he'd pee on trees and all the doors on
the look he walked and he walked all the
powers on the clock then one day he's
locked in one of the million slots and
stood engaged in an unfamiliar box he
thought I've been walking and paying a
heck of a lot but not once have I paid
on this particular box he sniffed it and
thought slipped at the box
snip-snip all over the front and over
the tape snipped over the side slipped
over the back he wanted to pee even an
odour was holding him back he opened his
bladder and rolled his leg back to put
inside the box voice cried teachers now
holding as traffic the dogs like he's
slow to react I thought I caught the
odor of cash but how did you end up in
this article showing a line solely you
die what an awful an appalling
magic hands could hear the cats
beginning to cry furious with his furry
fist to the sky he yells what somebody
mind please turn angry rioters the booze
men of science have the Servius twins
but wait
Schrodinger's cat you're hearing me
right right there's the cat spilling
it's here from his eyes if you're
talking to them you must still be alive
so the dog lifted the box - they flipped
on its side and sure enough the head
inside the cell was the cat tired as
hell but alive and well
Pavlov's dog could hardly abide the
smell but our look on the cat's collar
someone's tied a bow we can I'm three
let's make our escape
I know a great hiding place called
Plato's cave but just then they heard a
squirrel in a different screen
the thought experiment police heart you
may help the talk--i statement led from
the awful scene then he heard another
blood-curdling scream and saw flow best
parent wielding Occam's razor on a
Turing machine flanked by Einsteins
relatives swinging from cause pension of
on Galileo ship firing Newton's
cannonball of them they tried to escape
but but nothing would go to plan Plato's
cave was occupied by a vaginas floating
man it's a cache perhaps it's already
addressed first girl Tony and wash
bureau Liam you can say that again
Tyrolean the cat started shaking the
fear was too great his heart was
breaking but that's when the cat's bell
rang and resonated somewhere deep in the
dog's mind in penetrated he began to
salivate and began to help it